# COVID19-exam_system
The COVID-19 pandemic has been quite effective in the flow of human life and all of its aspects namely social, political, economical, cultural, and several other fields. Developing and underdeveloped countries were most affected due to their slow-rising economies and the GDP rate.
Many people lost their jobs due to the pandemic and with this people started upgrading themselves by going on for further education. Schools, colleges, universities were shut down and as a result, the student's study cycle, plans, and goals got disturbed. But technology is always there for the development of humanity and thus people began the new normal way of living. Lectures began to be conducted online, people started working from home, and similarly, humans adapted to the new normal way of living.
The main question over here was the conduction of online examinations. The COVID-19 virus spreads through touch as well. Thus people became more conscious regarding the sanitization of their tools and daily things which they use for many purposes. At this point, the Govt of India’s decision about the conduction of competitive exams was disrupting, as students have to travel from home to the respective exam center. The risk was that the students had to use the machines or classrooms which were not 100 percent corona safe. Thus, for this reason, to deal with this problem, we designed a system for the conduction of untouched exams for MCQ type examinations where students can easily give the test without touching the computers. 
